https://codepen.io/heycaves/pen/rNMeRBR?editors=1100

Questions

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? To build and markup front end web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute adds additional context to an element and is always includedd in the starter tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is a title and the main purpose of the page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Image (img) and anchor (a)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Information about the page that will not be visible when you visit the page.
    7. What is an id? It is a unique ID for an HTML element. It allows you to call the element in CSS or HTML
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All of them 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once 
    10. What is a class? A class is similar to an ID but you can use it multiple times. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any and all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? After the address in an anchor tag ad target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Alternative text if the image can't be displayd
    15. How do I reference an id? getElementById()
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is defining content on the site into a single section. Div has no reflection on content but may be used to style a part of the website in a uniform way.
    17. What is CSS used for? To style a website.
    18. How to we select an element? (Example - every h2 on the page) h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one An ID should only be used once on a page, so you could use it if you want to style a specific part of the page different than anything else on the page. A class can be repeated and might be used if you have a similarly styled part of each section.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? Put a period in front of the class (eg .intro)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? There is 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It changes an element for some of the time. Example a user hovers their mouse over a button and you want it to change colors.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {border-style: dotted, border-color: black, border-width: 1px}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Use an * which means "select all"
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm [filename]. It permanently deletes the file.
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control allows users to make changes to a document without permanently replacing what happened before. If you merge changes and something breaks, you can go back to an earlier version.
    35. How often should I commit to github? However, frequently you're making changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 